Date: Thu, 16 Sep 2010 11:21:07 -0700 (PDT)
Subject: [Macaulay2] Macaulay 2 Workshop February 28 - March 4, 2011 in Germany
From: Amelia Taylor <originalbrickhouse@gmail.com>

Dear Macaulay 2 user,

With funding from the Deutsche Forschungs Gemeinschaft (DFG --- the
German Research Council), we are organizing a Macaulay 2 workshop,
from Monday, February 28, 2011 through Friday, March 4, 2011 with
Sunday, February 27 and Saturday, March 5 serving as the travel days.
 The workshop will be at the Courant Center for Higher Order
Structures in Goettingen (www.crcg.de). Activities will start first
thing Monday morning (possibly Sunday night).

The purpose of the workshop is to bring Macaulay 2 developers together
with those who would like to share or  develop their skills at writing
packages for Macaulay 2 and those interested in developing the
corresponding mathematical algorithms.  Some sample software projects
that might be undertaken are visible here
http://www.math.uiuc.edu/Macaulay2/dev/projects/
although we are also looking for participants who might have new
packages they are interested in.  Further examples of possible
projects are available as part of our past workshop topics, which can
be viewed at
http://wiki.macaulay2.com/Macaulay2/index.php?title=CC2010_-Main_Page
http://wiki.macaulay2.com/Macaulay2/index.php?title=MSRI2010_-_Main_Page,
http://wiki.macaulay2.com/Macaulay2/index.php?title=AIM2009_-_Main_Page,
and http://wiki.macaulay2.com/Snowbird/.  The new main Macaulay 2 wiki
page is at http://wiki.macaulay2.com/Macaulay2  and a project
development page is in the process of being built there.  Please take
a look and consider posting your projects on that page.

Attendance at this workshop by invitation only --- based on a brief
application --- and all who are interested are encouraged to apply.
Financial support is available for approximately 20-30 people with
preference given to younger researchers.

Also, please note that we expect to have such a workshop approximately
once per year, so you should look for future announcements as well.

If you would like to attend, please let us know as soon as possible.
Everyone interested is strongly encouraged to apply, including
graduate students and postdocs. Your application should include

1. information about what algorithms you would like to work on, and
what you have done in the past (this is the most important piece ---
please put some thought into this and be as specific as possible),

2. a good estimate of travel expenses, and whether you would require
financial support for housing and meals (when available), and if you
nwill be willing to share a room, (rooms are in limited supply; if
additional single rooms are available, and you want one, we may ask
you to pay any additional cost).  

3. your current institution and rank, and if you are a graduate
student, your advisor's name.

Applications are due by October 5, 2010 and we hope to allocate funds
to participants by November 5, 2010.

Our organizers for this workshop are Amelia Taylor and Hans-Christian
v. Bothmer. Applications should be sent to Rebecca Willhardt at
willha@uni-math.gwdg.de

A few other pieces of information you may need:

1. Please commit to being present for the entire workshop.

2. You will need to bring your laptop with Macaulay 2 on it to the
workshop.

Hans-Christian v. Bothmer
David Eisenbud
Daniel R. Grayson
Michael E. Stillman
Amelia Taylor
